All right welcome back a student.
So in this lecture we're going to start playing around with bogs in our little application here.
I like to create these lectures here because we learn a lot right.
If we make a mistake we can go back and fix it so next time we make that mistake or a similar mistake
when we have an idea what's going on in our application.
So I'd like to leave lectures like this and come back and fix them up for you a little bit for us and
that way we can get to learn a little more.
But anyway so what is the problem here.
Well the problem is it's very simple if we click on Honda right let's say we click on this car and we
want to we want to lead it.
We get a confirmation but we click OK and it Tondo.
For some reason
right.
Let's go back to in and let's try it.
Toyota right now click on it and as you can see the lead at another record.
All right.
And if we click Nissan delete it to you and you see QCA leading the top record.
So for some reason my application was working good before and all of a sudden it just started working
now working right.
So let's go ahead and fix it up a little bit.
So what we're doing here very simple is on the delete functionality in the process that BHB file we
are targeting this title link.
All right we're getting the rail from title link and we should be getting the rail the rail from the
title link because if you go back to the splay cars these are display cars.
No it's back here in Prosser's I believe all the way on top.
There we go.
If we go back here you can see that the rail right here is from this and put in with this input that
has a tidal input class.
All right so that's what we have decided that the correct ID.
So that's what we've got to get it from right.
So let's go back down and change it.
So we're going to target that specific class save it go back to it and then know some of you already
fix this but just in case you haven't that is fits right there.
So let's just add a couple more cars real quick and for Audi.
All right.
We're going to click on it and now Feraud is gone.
Click on this.
Now Toyota is gone and so on.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff.
I'm just going to Reisinger over stuff and stuff.
There we go.
Let's fix it up a little bit to make sure that it's working.
Nissan that will Toyota
and for.
I know that's a very different car but you get my point right.
Click on it and we can delete Farhadi from there.
All right so he's working now.
Right.
So I just think as you guys see any other bugs in there in the system let me know and I'll come back
to it and find a solution.
And you know create a video for it.
Thank you so much for watching this lecture and keeping up with me and being patient and I'll see you
in the next one.